Vector vignette (#220)
earthlab/matplotcheck: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

> * Added a vignette for the VectorTester module functions. (@nkorinek, #208)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add a vignette for testing vector data plots. (@nkorinek, #208)
```
